fix CPF wall_clock offset precision constraint (#6431)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6431.fix.md

> The `cycle point format` was imposing an undesirable constraint on `wall_clock` offsets, this has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed `wall_clock` offsets to use smaller precision than the `cycle point format` (e.g. `wall_clock(offset="PT1M")` in combination with `cycle point format = CCYY`).
```

Author: Well technically they were capable of it before, but some change broke it.

Reviewer 2: Approved, but I prefer @oliver-sanders wording here, in terms of clarity for users.
